# Credential Management | SAP Help Portal

**Source:** https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_CPQ/08a7929ad06d4680b4f18cb57bc1a1d3/a98bd55e59954fd5be117c6a94a02a15.html?locale=en-US&state=PRODUCTION&version=2603
**Crawled:** 2026-04-16

## Content

SAP CPQ Setup and Administration Guide for Quote 1.0Version: 2603English
Provide feedback on our search

	
Administration
	
Product Administration
	
Pricing/Calculations
	
Quotes Administration
	
User Administration
	
User Interface Design
	
Workflow-Approvals
	
Renewal Management
	
Customer Administration
	
Develop
	
General Settings
	
Import/Export
	
Delegation of Authority
	
Security


	Setup Help

	
DKIM Support for Outbound Emails
	
Automatic Data Deletion
	
Personally Identifiable Information
	
Personal Data Log
	
WSDL and Certificate Management
	
Credential Management
	
Trusted Applications
	
Password Policy
	
Content Security Policy in SAP CPQ
	
Multi-factor Authentication
	
Security Recommendations
	
Developer Tools
	
Audit Trail
	
SAP CPQ Tags
Credential Management

You can store credentials for accessing external systems via scripting in Setup  Security  Credential Management.

This page contains all credentials that are currently stored in the environment. When you store a credential entry, you can cite its name in the script sent to an external system, to perform user authentication, instead of using more complex authentication methods.

A single credential entry consists of a name, identifier, and a password or a client secret.

Name - The value used for distinguishing one credential entry from others.

Type - The options Credential and Secret are available. By selecting Credential, you can define both the identifier and the secret. By selecting Secret, you can create a symmetric/asymmetric key used specifically to sign JWT tokens in IronPython scripting, which are generated by the JwtTokenProvider.

Identifier - A unique identifier of a credential, usually consisting of a username and a domain name.

Secret - A password or a client secret. Once the creation of an entry is complete, the secret becomes encrypted and can no longer be seen by you or other administrators.

Active - Status of a credential entry. You can temporarily make a credential entry inactive, preventing its use for authentication in scripts.

Note

Access to the Credential Management section can be restricted with the Access Rights feature, if needed.

AuthorizedRestClient Scripting Helper

This helper can be used along with a credential entry name to make basic authentication calls, or for requesting access tokens from external systems (currently only OAuth2 and Client Credential grants are supported.

Yes
No