# Update Existing and Add New Companies | SAP Help Portal

**Source:** https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_CPQ/bf1562733d5247f78f8f0a9c61e5382a/49cd12ab8dfd42519a262e1215507c81.html?locale=en-US&state=PRODUCTION&version=2603
**Crawled:** 2026-04-16

## Content

SAP CPQ Setup and Administration Guide for Quote 2.0Version: 2603English
Provide feedback on our search

	
Administration
	
Product Administration
	
Pricing/Calculations
	
Sales Area Administration
	
Quotes Administration
	
Business Partners
	
User Administration


	
Users
	
User Types
	
Permission Groups
	
User Custom Fields
	
Companies


	
Add a New Company
	
Companies Export/Import


	
Update Existing and Add New Companies
	
Guest User
	
Access Rights
	
Proxy Access
	
User Interface Design
	
Workflow-Approvals
	
Develop
	
General Settings
	
Import/Export
	
Delegation of Authority
	
Security
	
Developer Tools
	
Audit Trail
	
SAP CPQ Tags
Update Existing and Add New Companies

This procedure describes how to export all companies in the system, change their details, add new companies, and import the updates in SAP CPQ.

Context

The best practice for importing new companies in the system is to do it through the import template. To update existing company details, you need to export them from the system, change the data and then import them again.

Procedure
Click Export.

A file is downloaded to your computer.

Populate the file with new data.
Note

Company Name, Country/Region, State, Company code, and System Id are required fields. Don’t populate the MEMBER_ID column as these values are automatically generated by the system. Additionally, you shouldn’t change the member id of the existing companies.

In Import, click .
Select the file for import.
Click Apply Template.

A message informs you that the companies are imported successfully.

In case of an unsuccessful import, an error message pops up.

Click Download report and open the file.

Invalid records are marked in red and errors are described in the Error Message column.

Related Information
Companies Export/Import
Companies
User Administration
On this page
Context
Procedure
Related Information
Yes
No