# Standard Fields | SAP Help Portal

**Source:** https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_CPQ/884885f05e6b4c8082254d4d9d63f19b/2acd1302bbca4e1db05380548c593bbb.html#standard-total-fields
**Crawled:** 2026-04-16

## Content

SAP CPQ Setup and Administration Guide for Quote 1.0
Provide feedback on our search

Loading Table of Contents…
Standard Fields

Listed here are the standard fields that are present in quotes: quote header fields, quote item fields, product type fields, and total fields.

Note

This topic does not include all required fields. Refer to the SAP CPQ Scripting Documentation to access the complete list of fields.

Standard Quote Fields

You can see the following standard quote fields in the quote header when Sales Area isn't activated.

Standard Quote Field

	

Description




Status

	

The current status of the quote in the workflow (such as Open, Preparing, Approved, Rejected, Order Placed, and so on).




Market

	

The market selected for the currently open quote, with a defined currency, market factor, and pricebooks.




Pricebook

	

The pricebook selected for the currently open quote, which contains defined product prices.




Effective Date

	

The date that determines which prices are displayed for items in the quote, depending on the period for which the selected pricebook entries are valid.

The list of the fields that users can set when the Sales Area is activated:

Standard Quote Field

	

Description




Sales Organization

	

The name of a sales organization.




Distribution Channel

	

The way products or services reach customers. Examples include retail, online, e-commerce, and direct sales.




Division

	

A grouping of broad categories of products in one organizational unit.




Sales Office

	

The sales office to which the business transaction is assigned




Sales Group

	

The sales group in SAP CRM to which the business transaction is assigned.




Payment Terms

	

Payment terms for use in the quotation process.




Incoterms

	

Incoterms that should be used in the quotation process.




Shipping Condition

	

The name of the shipping conditions.




Status

	

The current status of the quote in the workflow (such as Open, Preparing, Approved, Rejected, Order Placed, and so on).




Effective Date

	

The date that determines which prices are displayed for items in the quote, depending on the period for which the selected pricebook entries are valid.

Standard Quote Item Fields

The fields described in this table are standard quote item fields present in quotes.

Standard Item Field

	

Description

	

Formula




Quantity

	

The total number of an item included in a quote.

	

NA




NRC List Price

	

The price at which the manufacturer recommends that the retailer sells the product. Also known as recommended retailer price.

	

NA




MRC List Price

	

The price at which the manufacturer recommends that the retailer charges the product on recurring basis.

	

NA




NRC Discount Percent

	

The percentage discount that is given to the list price of the product.

	

Item.DiscountPercent = 100 * Item.DiscountAmount / Item.ListPrice




MRC Discount Percent

	

The percentage discount that is given to the MRC list price of the product on recurring basis.

	

Item.MrcDiscountPercent = 100 * Item.MrcDiscountAmount / Item.MrcListPrice




NRC Extended Amount

	

Generated by multiplying quantity with net price.

	

Item.ExtendedAmount = Item.NetPrice * Item.Quantity




MRC Extended Amount

	

Generated by multiplying quantity with MRC net price.

	

Item.MrcExtendedAmount = Item.MrcNetPrice * Item.Quantity




NRC Cost

	

The value used for producing the product.

	

NA




MRC Cost

	

The value used for producing the product on recurring basis.

	

NA




NRC Extended Cost

	

Generated by multiplying the quantity of the product with the cost of the product.

	

item.ExtendedCost = item.Cost * item.Quantity




MRC Extended Cost

	

Generated by multiplying the quantity of the product with the MRC cost of the product.

	

Item.MrcExtendedCost = Item.MrcCost * Item.Quantity




NRC Extended List Price

	

The list price of a product multiplied with its quantity.

	

Item.ExtendedListPrice = Item.ListPrice * Item.Quantity




MRC Extended List Price

	

The MRC list price of a product multiplied with its quantity.

	

Item.MrcExtendedListPrice = Item.MrcListPrice * Item.Quantity




NRC Discount Amount

	

The amount that is discounted from the list price of the product.

	

Item.DiscountAmount = Item.ListPrice * Item.Quantity * Item.DiscountPercent / 100




MRC Discount Amount

	

The amount that is discounted from the list price of the product on recurring basis.

	

Item.MrcDiscountAmount = Item.MrcListPrice * Item.MrcDiscountPercent / 100




NRC Net Price

	

The value that customers pay to the seller after discounts are subtracted from the list price.

	

item.NetPrice = item.ListPrice * (1 - item.DiscountPercent / 100)




MRC Net Price

	

The value that customers pay to the seller after all discounts are subtracted from the list price on recurring basis.

	

Item.MrcNetPrice = Item.MrcListPrice - Item.MrcDiscountAmount




Description

	

User's description of the product.

	

NA




ItemType

	

Base or optional item types. Optional items aren’t taken into account for the final price.

	

NA




NRC Manufactures Gross Margin

	

The net revenue that the seller retains after deducing the costs of producing a product from the product's net price.

	

Item.GrossMarginPercent = 100 * (Item.ExtendedAmount - Item.ExtendedCost) / Item.ExtendedAmount




MRC Manufactures Gross Margin

	

The net revenue that the seller retains after deducing the costs of producing a product from the product's net price on recurring basis.

	

Item.MrcGrossMarginPercent = 100 * (Item.MrcExtendedAmount - Item.MrcExtendedCost) / MrcExtendedAmount




NRC Rolled Up Gross Margin Percent

	

The sum of percentage gross margin of all child items.

	

Item.RolledUpGrossMarginPercent = 100 * (Item.RolledUpExtendedAmount - Item.RolledUpExtendedCost) / Item.RolledUpExtendedAmount




MRC Rolled Up Gross Margin Percent

	

The sum of percentage gross margin of all child items on recurring basis.

	

Item.RolledUpMrcGrossMarginPercent = 100 * (Item.RolledUpMrcExtendedAmount - Item.RolledUpMrcExtendedCost) / Item.RolledUpMrcExtendedAmount




NRC Rolled Up Discount Percent

	

The sum of discount percent of all child items.

	

Item.RolledUpDiscountPercent = 100 * Item.RolledUpDiscountAmount / Item.RolledUpListPrice




NRC Rolled Up List Price

	

The sum of list price of all child items.

	

NA




NRC Rolled Up Extended List Price

	

The sum of extended list price of all child items.

	

Item.RolledUpExtendedListPrice = Item.RolledUpListPrice * Item.Quantity




NRC Rolled Up Extended Amount

	

The sum of extended amount of all child items.

	

Item.RolledUpExtendedAmount = Item.RolledUpNetPrice * Item.Quantity




NRC Rolled Up Cost

	

The sum of cost of all child items.

	

NA




NRC Rolled Up Extended Cost

	

The sum of extended cost of all child items.

	

item.RolledUpExtendedCost = item.RolledUpCost * item.Quantity




NRC Rolled Up Discount Amount

	

The sum of discount amount of all child items.

	

Item.RolledUpDiscountAmount = Item.RolledUpListPrice * Item.Quantity * Item.RolledUpDiscountPercent / 100




NRC Rolled Up Net Price

	

The sum of net price of all child items.

	

item.RolledUpNetPrice = item.RolledUpListPrice * (1 - item.RolledUpDiscountPercent / 100)




MRC Rolled Up Discount Percent

	

The sum of discount percent of all child items on recurring basis.

	

Item.RolledUpMrcDiscountPercent = 100 * Item.RolledUpMrcDiscountAmount / Item.RolledUpMrcListPrice




MRC Rolled Up List Price

	

The sum of list price of all child items on recurring basis.

	

NA




MRC Rolled Up Extended List Price

	

The sum of extended list price of all child items on recurring basis.

	

Item.RolledUpMrcExtendedListPrice = Item.RolledUpMrcListPrice * Item.Quantity




MRC Rolled Up Extended Amount

	

The sum of extended amount of all child items on recurring basis.

	

Item.RolledUpMrcExtendedAmount = Item.RolledUpMrcNetPrice * Item.Quantity




MRC Rolled Up Cost

	

The sum of cost of all child items on recurring basis.

	

NA




MRC Rolled Up Extended Cost

	

The sum of extended cost of all child items on recurring basis.

	

Item.RolledUpMrcExtendedCost = Item.RolledUpMrcCost * Item.Quantity




MRC Rolled Up Discount Amount

	

The sum of discount amount of all child items on recurring basis.

	

Item.RolledUpMrcDiscountAmount = Item.RolledUpMrcListPrice * Item.RolledUpMrcDiscountPercent / 100




MRC Rolled Up Net Price

	

The sum of net price of all child items on recurring basis.

	

Item.RolledUpMrcNetPrice = Item.RolledUpMrcListPrice - Item.RolledUpMrcDiscountAmount

Standard Product Type Fields

The fields described in this table are standard product type fields present in quotes.

Product Type Standard Field

	

Description

	

Formula




Product Type NRC Discount Percent

	

The percentage discount that is given to the product type and applied to the list price of each product of the same type.

	

ProductType.DiscountPercent = 100 * ProductType.DiscountAmount / ProductType.ListPrice




Product Type MRC Discount Percent

	

The percentage discount that is given to the product type on recurring basis and applied to the list price of each product of the same type.

	

ProductType.MrcDiscountPercent = ProductType.MrcDiscountAmount / ProductType.MrcListPrice




Product Type NRC Discount Amount

	

The amount that is discounted from the list price of the product type and each product separately.

	

ProductType.DiscountAmount = ProductType.ListPrice - ProductType.NetPrice




Product Type MRC Discount Amount

	

The amount that is discounted from the list price of the product type and each product separately on recurring basis.

	

ProductType.MrcDiscountAmount = ProductType.MrcListPrice - ProductType.MrcNetPrice




Product Type NRC Extended Cost

	

Calculated by summarizing the extended cost for all products of that type.

	

NA




Product Type MRC Extended Cost

	

Calculated by summarizing the MRC extended cost for all products of that type.

	

NA




Product Type NRC Extended Amount

	

The total extended amount of all products in that product type.

	

NA




Product Type MRC Extended Amount

	

The total MRC extended amount of all products in that product type.

	

NA




Product Type NRC Extended List Price

	

The total extended list price of all products in that product type.

	

NA




Product Type MRC Extended List Price

	

The total MRC extended list price of all products in that product type.

	

NA




Product Type NRC Manufactures Gross Margin

	

The total NRC Manufactures Gross Margin of all products in that product type.

	

ProductType.GrossMarginPercent = 100 * (ProductType.NetPrice - ProductType.Cost) / ProductType.NetPrice




Product Type MRC Manufactures Gross Margin

	

The total MRC Manufactures Gross Margin of all products in that product type.

	

ProductType.MrcGrossMarginPercent = 100 * (ProductType.MrcNetPrice - ProductType.MrcCost) / ProductType.MrcNetPrice

Standard Total Fields

The fields described in this table are standard total fields present in quotes.

Total Standard Field

	

Description

	

Formula




Item Total NRC Extended Amount

	

The total extended amount of all items in the quote.

	

Totals.Amount = Totals.NetPrice




Item Total MRC Extended Amount

	

The total MRC extended amount of all items in the quote.

	

Totals.MrcAmount = Totals.MrcNetPrice




Item Total NRC Discount Percent

	

The total discount percent of all items in the quote.

	

100 * Total Product Discount Amount / Total List Price




Item Total MRC Discount Percent

	

The total MRC discount percent of all items in the quote.

	

100 * Total MRC Product Discount Amount / Total MRC List Price




Item Total NRC Discount Amount

	

The total discount amount of all items in the quote.

	

Totals.ProductDiscountAmount = Totals.ListPrice - Totals.NetPrice




Item Total MRC Discount Amount

	

The MRC total discount amount of all items in the quote.

	

Totals.MrcProductDiscountAmount = Totals.MrcListPrice - Totals.MrcNetPrice




Item Total NRC Extended Cost

	

The total extended cost of all items in the quote.

	

NA




Item Total MRC Extended Cost

	

The total MRC extended cost of all items in the quote.

	

NA




Item Total NRC Extended List Price

	

The total extended list price of all items in the quote.

	

NA




Item Total MRC Extended List Price

	

The total MRC extended list price of all items in the quote.

	

NA




Item Total NRC Manufactures Gross Margin

	

The total manufactures gross margin of all items in the quote.

	

Totals.NrcGrossMarginPercent = 100 * (Totals.NrcNetPrice - Totals.NrcCost) / Totals.NrcNetPrice




Item Total MRC Manufactures Gross Margin

	

The total MRC manufactures gross margin of all items in the quote.

	

Totals.MrcGrossMarginPercent = 100 * (Totals.MrcNetPrice - Totals.MrcCost) / Totals.MrcNetPrice




MRC Total

	

Sum of all item MRC extended amounts.

	

NA




Total

	

Sum of all item extended amounts after deducing VAT and taxes.

	

NA

On this page
Standard Quote Fields
Standard Quote Item Fields
Standard Product Type Fields
Standard Total Fields
Yes
No